THC-1010 - document return clause behavior (#729)
JupiterOne/docs: knowledgeBase/jupiterOne-query-language_(J1QL)/jupiterOne-query-language.md

To return properties from both the `User` and `Person` entities, define a selector for each and use them in the `RETURN` clause:

```j1ql
FIND User AS u THAT IS Person AS p
RETURN u.username, p.firstName, p.lastName, p.email
```

> **Note**: When the `RETURN` statement is used with specified properties, the J1QL engine will pick out the requested attributes from each path traversed.

Reviewer: I would suggest sticking to either `attributes` or `properties` throughout this document

Author: Great feedback! I'll stick with properties here.

Sometimes, the path to the end of the query can fork since there are multiple ways assets can relate to each other.
This means that a `Person` having multiple `IS` relationships to `User` entities will have their `p.firstName`, `p.lastName`, and `p.email` values
returned in each path through the graph that leads to a `User`.

| u.username | p.firstName | p.lastName | p.email                        |
|------------|-------------|------------|--------------------------------|
| spiderman  | Peter       | Parker     | not.spiderman@example.com      |
| batman     | Bruce       | Wayne      | totally.not.batman@example.com |
| bwayne     | Bruce       | Wayne      | totally.not.batman@example.com |

If a property name contains special characters (e.g. `-` or `:`), you can wrap the property name in `[]`.

> For example: `RETURN p.[special-name]`

Reviewer: Adding a column to the table above with this header would make it more clear that it's the column name and not a signifier.

Wildcard can be used to return all properties for multiple entities in a flattened table. For example:

```j1ql
FIND User AS u THAT IS Person AS p
RETURN u.*, p.*
```

Using a wildcard to return all properties also returns all metadata properties associated with the selected entities. This feature is useful when you want to perform an analysis that involves metadata.

> ##### Entity and Relationship References

Reviewer: Is this information better presented in the API docs [here](https://community.askj1.com/kb/articles/794-jupiterone-api)?

Author: I figured having it alongside the language features made sense since it's likely what users in the app will reference. I'll add some details to the API docs though to reinforce when `_meta` won't be returned..

Reviewer: Alrighty!

Results would typically be returned like this via the API:

```json
{
  "type": "table",
  "data": [
    { "User._type": "jupiterone_user", "Person.name": "Mochi" }
  ]
}
```

When executing queries via the application, additional metadata is returned back for each row with references
to the entities and relationships traversed via the paths. This resides under a `_meta` property that is attached to each row
in the query.

```json
{
  "type": "table",
  "data": [
    {
      "User._type": "jupiterone_user",
      "Person.name": "Mochi",
      "_meta": {
        "byAlias": {
          "User": {
            "id": "f4b7cfbb-8532-dbcb-b244-e2864423fccd",
            "entity": {
              "_id": "4147b2bc-3b65-42a8-be50-164a45c4864d"
            }
          },
          "Person": {
            "id": "952f0d8c-19dc-4dde-a3bf-e6ce0cda85a7",
            "entity": {
              "_id": "cdbceb28-e066-4006-9456-225ddb358d16"
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

Please note that returning row metadata is not supported when `UNIQUE` keyword is used or an aggregation is performed.

> 

Reviewer: Would it be worth adding a line about metadata not being available for aggregation queries as well?

- `count(*)` - for determining the count of all other entities related to a given entity.

> Please note that performing aggregations will cause the `_meta` property

Reviewer: This is specifically via the API, correct?

```
FIND UNIQUE User as u
THAT IS Person as p

> RETURN p.displayName, merge(p.email, u.email, u.publicEmail) as “Email List” (edited)

Reviewer: SUPER NIT but since you're editing other instances of this, `as` -> `AS`

```
_Limitation: `UNIQUE` keyword **must** be used together with `RETURN`._

For example, the following query may return multiple rows containing the same

> values. In the below example, Peter Parker may using the same username

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values. In the below example, Peter Parker may use the same username
```

> values. In the below example, Peter Parker may using the same username
> across with different applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values. In the below example, Peter Parker may use the same username
across different applications.
```
